Add example of linked tutorial (at the end a new tutoria lis suggested (#2645)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/rahti/tutorials/deploy_from_git.md

    This is a simple tutorial to show how to deploy a web server using the Rahti [web interface](../usage/getting_started.md) using a git repository as a source

# Deploy from Git

How to set up a static web server in Rahti from a Git repository.

1. Create a project. [Instructions](../usage/projects_and_quota.md)

1. In the Openshift web console, switch to the Developer perspective. Select _Add_ from the navigation panel. To create an application, under Developer Catalog list Select _Import from Git_. 

    ![click_git](../../../img/click_git.png)

1. Input the URL of the Git repository. OpenShift will use that URL to clone the repository.  

    ![import_from_git](../../../img/import_from_git_1.png)

    The `Advanced Git Options` allows you to change the "reference" (Branch, tag or commit) or the context dir. And also allows to add a secret to get access to the repository (username and password, or SSH keys).

1. After inputting the URL. OpenShift will validate and analyze the repository. 

    ![import_from_git](../../../img/import_from_git_2.png)

1. If the analysis was successful, the last step is to click on `Create`. After few minutes, the site should be available.

> After this tutorial, you can check the [Webhooks](webhooks.md) article. Web hooks will allow you to automatically re-deploy this site for every chang ein the mail master branch.

Author: ```suggestion
After this tutorial, you can check the [Webhooks](webhooks.md) article. Web hooks will allow you to automatically re-deploy this site for every change in the mail master branch.
```

> After this tutorial, you can check the [Webhooks](webhooks.md) article. Web hooks will allow you to automatically re-deploy this site for every chang ein the mail master branch.

Reviewer: You're still missing the "main" instead of "mail"

> After this tutorial, you can check the [Webhooks](webhooks.md) article. Web hooks will allow you to automatically re-deploy this site for every change in the mail master branch.

Reviewer: "main" instead of "mail

Author: ```suggestion
After this tutorial, you can check the [Webhooks](webhooks.md) article. Web hooks will allow you to automatically re-deploy this site for every change in the main master branch.
```
